docs: update 'ilab taxonomy diff' README section (#1918)
instructlab/instructlab: README.md

### 📜 List and validate your new data

> To ensure `ilab` is registering your new knowledge or skills and that you've formatted them properly, you can run the `ilab taxonomy diff` command. This command will show new or modified YAML files within your taxonomy. For example, the following is the expected result after adding the new compositional skill `foo-lang` to the freeform writing subdirectory:

Reviewer: Up to you! 
```suggestion
You can use the `ilab taxonomy diff` command to ensure `ilab` is registering your new knowledge or skills and your contributions are properly formatted. This command displays any new or modified YAML files within your taxonomy tree. For example, the following is the expected result of a valid compositional skill contribution after adding a new skill called `foo-lang.yaml` to the freeform writing subdirectory:
```

Author: Docs Queen :crown:
